README.md, before:

![Masa Bug Bounty](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty/blob/main/src/images/bug-bounty-github-header.jpg "Masa Bug Bounty")

## :mega: Instructions
1. Check through the public repositories and find bugs
1. Go to the issues section in the repo you found the bug using the following template that is [linked in the repo here](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-bounty-report.md)
```
**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Video**
If applicable, add a video to help explain your problem. 

**Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
 - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
 - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

***Is this bug a Critical Vulnerability***
Y/N
```
1. Mark the issue as a **bug** with a label 
1. Assign the issue to your GitHub username
1. Assign the issue to the following reviewers username on the team "Luka-Loncar"
1. Your issue will be reviewed and tagged as accepted by our team or you will be given feedback to improve your submission
1. You issue will be reviewed and assigned a Bug severity label by our team
1. If you want you submit a fix you can submit a pull request with a linked issue. All pull requests must have detailed information and be accepted by the Masa development team

We will update this repo once a month with a `.csv` of Bug Bounty participants who have qualified for the Bounty Pool. Bounty Pool payments will be made once the Masa token is live on the protocol which has not be announced yet. 

## :moneybag: Bounty Pool

**10,000,000 Masa Tokens $MASA** and **$25,000 USDC** are initially allocated to the Bug Bounty Pool. We calculated this using a ratio of MASA to USDC of 1/400 for rewards – i.e. a Medium Risk bug would get 100,000 MASA and $250 USDC. Submissions will be rewarded based on Bug Bounty Tiers, except for the highest tier, which is for Critical Vulnerabilities and assessed on a case-by-case basis. Masa will communicate directly with the white-hat developer that identifies the vulnerability. A Critical Vulnerability is one where the risk of material loss to the protocol is over $100,000 in value.

## :money_with_wings: Bounty Tiers

| Bug Severity | Reward | Bonus Phase (Dec 5th - 14th) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Critical Vulnerability | Variable not allocated from Bounty Pool | +20% bonus on all bugs found |
| High Risk | 1,000,000 MASA and $2,500 USDC | +20% bonus on all bugs found |
| Medium Risk | 100,000 MASA and $250 USDC | +20% bonus on all bugs found |
| Low Risk | 10,000 MASA and $25 USDC | +20% bonus on all bugs found |

## :computer: Repositories For Bug Bounty

[Masa Bug Bounty](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty)
[Masa Smart Contracts](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-contracts-identity)
[Masa CLI](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-cli)
[Masa SDK](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-sdk)
[Masa React](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-react)
[Masa Docs](https://github.com/masa-finance/docs)
[Masa Protocol](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-protocol)

Commit message:

Update readme with issue template

README.md, after:

![Masa Bug Bounty](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty/blob/main/src/images/bug-bounty-github-header.jpg "Masa Bug Bounty")

## :mega: Instructions
1. Check through the public repositories and find bugs
1. Go to the issues section in the repo you found the bug using the following template that is [linked in the repo here](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty/blob/main/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-bounty-report.md)
```
**Describe the bug**
A clear and concise description of what the bug is.

**To Reproduce**
Steps to reproduce the behavior:
1. Go to '...'
2. Click on '....'
3. Scroll down to '....'
4. See error

**Expected behavior**
A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen.

**Screenshots**
If applicable, add screenshots to help explain your problem.

**Video**
If applicable, add a video to help explain your problem. 

**Desktop (please complete the following information):**
 - OS: [e.g. iOS]
 - Browser [e.g. chrome, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Smartphone (please complete the following information):**
 - Device: [e.g. iPhone6]
 - OS: [e.g. iOS8.1]
 - Browser [e.g. stock browser, safari]
 - Version [e.g. 22]

**Additional context**
Add any other context about the problem here.

***Is this bug a Critical Vulnerability***
Y/N
```
1. Use the issue template as follows or take the following steps
![Issue Template](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty/blob/main/src/images/issue-template.png "Issue Template")
1. Mark the issue as a **bug** with a label 
1. Assign the issue to your GitHub username
1. Assign the issue to the following reviewers username on the team "Luka-Loncar"
1. Your issue will be reviewed and tagged as accepted by our team or you will be given feedback to improve your submission
1. You issue will be reviewed and assigned a Bug severity label by our team
1. If you want you submit a fix you can submit a pull request with a linked issue. All pull requests must have detailed information and be accepted by the Masa development team

We will update this repo once a month with a `.csv` of Bug Bounty participants who have qualified for the Bounty Pool. Bounty Pool payments will be made once the Masa token is live on the protocol which has not be announced yet. 

## :moneybag: Bounty Pool

**10,000,000 Masa Tokens $MASA** and **$25,000 USDC** are initially allocated to the Bug Bounty Pool. We calculated this using a ratio of MASA to USDC of 1/400 for rewards – i.e. a Medium Risk bug would get 100,000 MASA and $250 USDC. Submissions will be rewarded based on Bug Bounty Tiers, except for the highest tier, which is for Critical Vulnerabilities and assessed on a case-by-case basis. Masa will communicate directly with the white-hat developer that identifies the vulnerability. A Critical Vulnerability is one where the risk of material loss to the protocol is over $100,000 in value.

## :money_with_wings: Bounty Tiers

| Bug Severity | Reward | Bonus Phase (Dec 5th - 14th) |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Critical Vulnerability | Variable not allocated from Bounty Pool | +20% bonus on all bugs found |
| High Risk | 1,000,000 MASA and $2,500 USDC | +20% bonus on all bugs found |
| Medium Risk | 100,000 MASA and $250 USDC | +20% bonus on all bugs found |
| Low Risk | 10,000 MASA and $25 USDC | +20% bonus on all bugs found |

## :computer: Repositories For Bug Bounty

[Masa Bug Bounty](https://github.com/masa-finance/bug-bounty)
[Masa Smart Contracts](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-contracts-identity)
[Masa CLI](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-cli)
[Masa SDK](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-sdk)
[Masa React](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-react)
[Masa Docs](https://github.com/masa-finance/docs)
[Masa Protocol](https://github.com/masa-finance/masa-protocol)
